Add docker compose plugin installation (#385)
rucio/documentation: docs/developer/setting_up_vscode_dev_env.md

- Install [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)
- Install [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)

> **NOTE for Docker Compose installation**: Docker had abandened `docker-compose` command and moved to `docker compose`. To turn on `docker compose` support in `docker` command, please make sure you have installed `docker-compose-plugin` package from `docker-ce-stable` repository. The full command to install `docker` and `docker compose` should be:

Reviewer: I would write this under a subsection (+ a few minor fixes), like this:

```suggestion
#### If you get a `docker-compose: command not found` error
Docker has abandoned the `docker-compose` command and moved to `docker compose`. 
To turn on `docker compose` support in `docker` command, please make sure you have installed the `docker-compose-plugin` package from `docker-ce-stable` repository. 

The full command to install `docker` and `docker compose` on RPM-based installations is:
```
